how deep was that one two-foot under the
surface man I tell you what Jeff has
just put me on my first crappie spawn
and crappie using a 10 foot
what kind of rod you call this a dipping
rod and we're just going right along
these banks catching these spawn and
crappie you know you can pitch corks
some guys walk the banks with these long
rods I feel like I can get in this boat
and cover ground a lot more thorough and
just pluck these little babies out let's
talk we're going to talk about that I've
been kind of following Jeff along here
as as we were catching a few I just
caught my first one that a keeper yes
sir that's a keeper here at Truman and
we are keeping some crappie today let's
put that one in the live well and then
let's talk about your technique and and
what you're doing because this is really
interesting folks I've crappie fished a
lot of crappie fishing my whole life and
I've never done what we're doing right
here and the goggle mento with the lure
flavor seems to be a big part of it
absolutely absolutely
we're just taking these ten footers and
we're putting about three foot of line
out and we're letting the Go Go minnow
do what it's designed to do we're just
moving real slow along the edge of this
Bank by slow I'm talking point two mile
an hour maybe and just letting that tail
turn and do what it's designed to do and
it's catching fish we're spraying it
with the lure flavor this is my Bob
things all the time so the labels worn
out but I'll show you a good one that's
the old bubblegum yeah that's the new
bubblegum
that's difference between a new bottle
and a bottle that's been sprayed a
couple hundred times yeah you bet we're
using the bubblegum lure flavour and and
what I you
there's a lot of sense out there and and
these crappie are eaten up bubblegum and
you know sometimes I get some looks when
I tell people that but when these copy
on the bank and they're shallow like
this
this is totally a reaction bite so
you're trying to find the best bait
that's gonna get that reaction to make
that fish strike and that's where the
go-go minnow comes in now sometimes
you'll be going along an official hit
real quick and you'll set the hook and
it's like you know almost immediate and
you're like how did I miss him that's
where the lure flavour comes in that
bubblegum sent these crappie are eating
it up and they make them hold on just a
little bit longer and that way you're
not missing those fish all right let's
go ahead the spray the go-go and I'm
just gonna track you here just like I
want you to start up and do it just like
you were out here fun fishing today now
Jeff does guide how many days a year do
you guide for crappie I got about 150 to
160 trips a year so this guy knows what
he's talking about everybody we we're
real excited to have some professionals
like Jeff on the flea fly team and and
we're learning a lot of new crappie
fishing techniques that will really help
you all catch more fish now he's shallow
you can see he caught this fish back
here by this log but he's just taking
the goggle Mentos and just and just
dropping it in here and just going down
the bank instead of casting a bobber up
there and I've never done this and I
caught my crappie in the bass and I
haven't been fishing ten minutes so you
know this is really really a cool way to
catch crappie and I think it's something
that a lot of people need to take
advantage of and learn how to do this
because it works
look at there well he come off but but
you've seen that that was a black male
right there now one of the things I'm
not gonna sit here and beat this beat
divorce to death we like to give
everybody a good quick tip on how we're
doing this
you saw the goggle minnow catch the fish
there's another small crappie right
there and this is a lot easier than
trying to to pitch a a bobber if they're
in it yeah absolutely it's a lot more
thorough you know you spend a lot of
time casting and reeling and you're
you're you're going along that Bank at a
different direction this way we're
parallel in this Bank we're going with
it we're just covering ground a lot more
thorough than I am pitching a cork up to
that Bank I love to watch that bobber go
under we you know and we do do some
fishing like that with the Go Go minnow
it kind of brings a kid out in you know
to watch that bobber go under but you
know and I'm fishing on trips I'm hired
to put fish in the boat and I'm gonna
pick it apart as thorough and do a good
job as I can okay well that's our tip on
how to fish for spawning crappie with a
10-foot dippin rod here on Truman Lake
in Central Missouri thank you Jeff yep
no problem
let's get some more fish